There was what we called the bottom room, which was off the main, off the living quarters.
There were about 20 patients in the bottom room.
Very upsetting to me, very extremely upsetting.
They were kept in this side room from the time they got up in the morning until they
went to bed at night because they weren't fit for human company is a horrible way of
putting it, but that's the way things were.
So it was distressing for both the staff who did love their patients that they looked after
down there.
After all, they had nothing to do all day.
The only thing they could do was tear off bits of cloth and that was supposed to be
some sort of occupation for them.
I never found the worth of that because it was no objective to it.
It was just something to keep them occupied, I suppose.
Maybe I was at fault in this, that I simply couldn't, you were so frustrated in your
own self that there was very little that you thought anyone would take any notice anyway.